# ST10052874_PROG7312_POE
ST10052874
To download the application, please follow the link https://github.com/ShalomShrek/ST10052874_PROG7312_POE/tree/master to the GitHub repo. From there click the green code button, and select either open in Visual Studio or download Zip. Using either option open the program in Visual Studio, and run the application by pressing the green triangle button. This will start the application.
Upon running the application, the main menu will be loaded. This will show 3 buttons to navigate to the report issues page, local events and announcements page, and Service Request Status page. Please note for Part 1 that the buttons for the local events and announcements page, and Service Request Status page, are disabled. There is also the option to navigate to the user survey page (the selected user engagement feature) via the nav bar at the top of the screen.
Upon clicking the report issues page button, the report issues page will be loaded. The user will be required to add the details about the issue they are reporting, including the location, type of issue, description of the issue, and any media (such as photos or videos) to provide more context of the issue. The user will be prompted to complete all fields if any fields are not filled in before attempting to submit it. Upon successfully submitting a report, the issue is added to a list of all reports that have been made. This list is also displayed below the submit report button, to show that the reports are being stored successfully. Note that the list will be lost upon the programs termination, as the POE only requires the storage of data in a list for part 1, not a database. The user will be able to navigate to the main menu via a button at the bottom of the page.
User engagement feature: User feedback Surveys
Upon clicking the user survey button, the user will be taken to the survey page. If the user wishes to comment on the application, such as potential feature suggestions, bug reporting, or improvements to existing features, they will be able to make these known by submitting this information via the survey page. These surveys will also be stored in lists, and will also be lost upon the applications termination. The idea of the feature is to make the user feel their voices and opinions are being considered in the design of the application, thus resulting in a more personal connection to the application, resulting in the user using the application more. The list of surveys will also be displayed to show the data is being stored. The user can navigate back to the main menu via a button at the bottom of the screen.
